.TH BLIND-FROM-VIDEO 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-from-video - Converts a regular, cooked video to a blind video
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-from-video
[-F
.IR pixel-format ]
[-r
.IR frame-rate ]
[-w
.I width
-h
.IR height ]
[-dL]
.I input-file
.RI [ output-file ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-from-video
converts the video, in the file
.IR input-file ,
to a format usable by the
.B blind
tools, and prints the new video to the file
.IR output-file .
.I input-file
and, unless -L is used,
.I output-file
must be regular files.
.I input-file
must be a normal video file with a container (i.e. not raw video)
that is supported by
.BR ffmpeg (1).
It is unspecified what happens if
.I input-file
does not have exactly one video stream. All non-video streams,
such as audio and subtitles are discarded.
.P
If
.B output-file
is omitted,
.RB ' - '
(stdout) is used.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -d
Perform coarse colour-model conversion. This will increase the
performance of the conversion, but modifications to the colours
will not produce the expected colours. This is useful for
drafting or if you will not modify the colours. If you use this
flag, you should also use it in
.BR blind-to-video (1),
otherwise the colours will be modified.
.TP
.BR -F " "\fIpixel-format\fP
Select pixel format, see
.BR blind-convert (1)
for more information. Pixel formats starting with
.BR raw ,
other than
.BR raw0 ,
are not supported.
.TP
.BR -h " "\fIheight\fP
Change the height of the video to
.IR height .
.TP
.B -L
Write to stdout that the number of frames in the video is 0.
This allows you to use a non-regular file, including a pipe, as
.IR output-file .
If you specify
.RB ' - '
as the
.IR output-file ,
the video is printed to stdout.

This option is useful if you want to split a video, into
multiple videos, as it allows to to split the video without
having to store the entire raw video to disc.

If you use this option, you can use
.BR blind-split (1)
to write the actual number of frames to the head, if this
is needed.
.TP
.BR -r " "\fIframe-rate\fP
Change the frame rate of the video to
.IR frame-rate .
This value can be a rational.
.TP
.BR -w " "\fIwidth\fP
Change the width of the video to
.IR width .
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-to-video (1),
.BR blind-convert (1),
.BR blind-split (1),
.BR blind-rewrite-head (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
