.TH BLIND-TO-VIDEO 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-to-video - Converts blind video to a regular video
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-to-video
[-d]
.I frame-rate
.IR ffmpeg-arguments " ..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-to-video
reads a
.B blind
video from stdin and uses
.BR ffmpeg (1)
to convert it to a normal video format.
.I frame-rate
must be set to the frame-rate of the input video,
lest the tempo in the output video be modified. You
can use
.BR ffprobe (1)
(an
.B ffmpeg
utility) on your original video to find out the frame rate:

.nf
	ffprobe -v quiet -show_streams -select_streams v -- your-video.mkv |
	grep '^r_frame_rate=' | cut -d = -f 2-
.fi

This value will be a rational value, which is supported.
All argumnets after
.I frame-rate
(that is
.IR ffmpeg-arguments " ...)"
are arguments that will be passed to
.BR ffmpeg (1)
after the arguments that
.B blind-to-video
will create that specifies the input file and necessary metadata
such as frame rate, geometry, and format, of the input video.
Beginners are recommended to use
.B -c:v libx264 -preset veryslow -crf 0 -pix_fmt yuv444p --
.IR output-file .
.P
If your output video need include an alpha channel, the codec
.BR ffvhuff .
Not all video players support videos with transparency.
.BR mpv (1)
is a good media player for previewing videos with transparency,
however it distorts colour somewhat.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -d
Perform coarse colour-model conversion. This will increase the
performance of the conversion, however, it the colours will
not look correct, unless the -d flag was also with
.BR blind-from-video (1)
and not colours have been modified between to the processes.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-from-video (1),
.BR blind-compress (1),
.BR ffmpeg (1),
.BR ffprobe (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
