.TH BLIND-MAKE-KERNEL 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-make-kernel - Create a custom convolution matrix
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-make-kernel
[-d
.IR denominator ]\ ...
[-nxyza]
--
.IR value \ ...]\ ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-make-kernel
creates a convolution matrix that can be applied to
a video using
.BR blind-apply-kernel (1).
.P
The matrix is construct from each
.I value
with
.B --
delimiting the rows. For example
.P
.nf
	blind-make-kernel 1 2 3 -- 4 5 6
.fi
.P
creates the matrix
.P
.nf
	1 2 3
	4 5 6
.fi
.P
If no
.I value
is specified (and at most one
.B --
is used)
the matrix is read from stdin, <newline>
is used to delimit rows and other whitespace
is used to delimit cells.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -a
Apply the values to the alpha channel, apply an
identity kernel to all unselected channels.
.TP
.BR -d \ \fIdenominator\fP
Divide the matrix by
.IR denominator .
This option is applied after
.B -n
and can be used multiple times. The product of
all specified values are used as the denominator.
.TP
.B -n
Normalise the matrix, that is, divide it by the
sum of all its elements. This option is applied
before
.BR -d .
.TP
.B -x
Apply the values to the X channel, apply an
identity kernel to all unselected channels.
.TP
.B -y
Apply the values to the Y channel, apply an
identity kernel to all unselected channels.
.TP
.B -z
Apply the values to the Z channel, apply an
identity kernel to all unselected channels.
.SH NOTES
.B blind-make-kernel
Create a single frame, to that it can be stored to
disc. When applying it to a video, you want to use
.BR blind-repeat (1).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-apply-kernel (1),
.BR blind-kernel (1),
.BR blind-repeat (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
