.TH BLIND-ARITHM 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-arithm - Perform simple arithmetic on a video
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-arithm
[-axyz]
.I operation
.IR right-hand-stream \ ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-arithm
reads left-hand operands from stdin, and right-hand
operands from
.IR right-hand-stream ,
and perform the choosen
.I operation
over the read values and prints the resulting video
to stdout.
The operation with operands from the same colour
parameters on the sames pixels on the same frames
on the two videos.
.P
If stdin is longer than
.IR right-hand-stream ,
the remainder of stdin is printed without any changes.
If stdin is shorter than
.IR right-hand-stream ,
the remainder of
.I right-hand-stream
is ignored but may be partially read.
.P
IF multiple
.I right-hand-stream
are specified, they are applied from left to right,
with the exception for if	
.I operation
is
.BR exp ,
in which case they are applied from right to left with
stdin applied last.
.SH OPERATIONS
.TP
.B add
Calculate the sum of the operands.
.TP
.B sub
Subtract the right-hand operand from the left-hand operand.
.TP
.B mul
Calculate the product of the operands.
.TP
.B div
Divide the left-hand operand by the right-hand operand.
.TP
.B mod
Calculate the modulus of left-hand operand and the right-hand operand.
The result is always non-negative.
.TP
.B exp
Raise the left-hand operand to the
.IR n th
operand, where
.I n
is the value of the right-hand operand.
.TP
.B log
Calculate the logarithm of the left-hand operand
and divide it by the logarithm of the rigth-hand operand.
.TP
.B min
Select the lowest operand.
.TP
.B max
Select the highest operand.
.TP
.B abs
Calculate the the sum of absolute value of the left-hand
operand subtracted by the right-hand operand, and the
right-hand operand
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -a
Do not modify the alpha channel (the fourth channel).
.TP
.B -x
Do not modify the X channel (the first channel).
.TP
.B -y
Do not modify the Y channel (the second channel).
.TP
.B -z
Do not modify the Z channel (the third channel).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-norm (1),
.BR blind-dot-product (1),
.BR blind-cross-product (1),
.BR blind-quaternion-product (1),
.BR blind-vector-projection (1),
.BR blind-spatial-mean (1),
.BR blind-spatial-arithm (1),
.BR blind-temporal-mean (1),
.BR blind-temporal-arithm (1),
.BR blind-mean (1),
.BR blind-single-colour (1),
.BR blind-set-alpha (1),
.BR blind-set-luma (1),
.BR blind-invert-luma (1),
.BR blind-set-saturation (1),
.BR blind-affine-colour (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
