.TH BLIND-TEMPORAL-MEAN 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-temporal-mean - Calculate the mean over all frames in a video for each pixel
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-temporal-mean
[-d | -g | -h | -l
.I power-stream
| -p
.I power-stream
| -v]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-temporal-mean
reads a video from stdin and calculates the mean
over all frames for each pixel, and outputs a
single frame video to stdout with the mean for
each pixel.
.P
Unless otherwise specified, the arithmetic mean
is calculated.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -d
Calculate the standard deviation.
.TP
.B -g
Calculate the geometric mean.
.TP
.B -h
Calculate the harmonic mean.
.TP
.BR -l \ \fIpower-stream\fP
Calculate the Lehmer mean with the power
specified in the same pixel in the single-frame
video
.IR power-stream .
.TP
.BR -p \ \fIpower-stream\fP
Calculate the power mean (Hölder mean) with
the power specified in the same pixel in the
single-frame video
.IR power-stream .
.TP
.B -v
Calculate the variance.
.SH REQUIREMENTS
.B blind-temporal-mean
requires enough free memory to load two full frames memory.
A frame requires 32 bytes per pixel it contains. If
.B -p
or
.B -v
is used, enough free memory to load three full frames
memory is required. If
.B -l
is used, enough free memory to load four full frames
memory is required.
.P
.B blind-temporal-mean
is optimised for simplicity rather than memory usage.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-temporal-arithm (1),
.BR blind-spatial-arithm (1),
.BR blind-arithm (1),
.BR blind-spatial-mean (1),
.BR blind-mean (1),
.BR blind-rewrite-head (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
