.TH BLIND-TO-TEXT 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-to-text - Convert a video to text
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-to-text
[-%
.IR format ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-to-text
reads a video from stdin and prints it
in text format to stdout. The first line
in the output is the head. It will contain:
the number of frames, <space>, the width,
<space>, the height, <space>, and the pixel
format. The result of the lines will be
one line per pixel, each of these line will
contain the values of the pixel's colur in
textual representation of a floating-point
value, each separated by a <space>. The
order of the values are: X, Y, Z, and alpha,
where X, Y, and Z are the parameters of the
colour's CIE XYZ representation.
.P
If the width of the video is
.I w
and the height of the video is
.IR h ,
the first
.I w
lines after the head are the pixels in the
first row in the first frame of the video,
the following
.I w
lines are the pixels in the second row,
and so on until the the
.IR w*h :th
line, after the head, where the second
frame begins. The pixels are printed
from left to right, from top to bottom,
and from first frame to last frame.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -% \ \fIformat\fP
Selects in what format parameters are printed.
.I format
may include the prefix
.B +
that specified that non-negative values should be prefixed with a
.BR + .
After any prefix, there may be a positive number specifying
the percision of the output, optionally followed by either of
the letters
.BR a ,
.BR e ,
.BR f ,
other
.B g
(other their synonymous uppercases),
or if the input is integer typed,
.B d
or
.BR i ,
at most once, with the same semantics as in
.BR printf (3).
.B f
is used if this letter is omitted.
The percision must be omitted the input is integer typed.

If ommited,
.B 25f
or
.B i
is used. These defaults are selected for ease of
interoperability with other software, however,
.B a
is recommeded to improve performance and remove
truncation error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-from-text (1),
.BR blind-to-portable (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
