.TH BLIND-GAUSS-BLUR 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-gauss-blur - Apply Gaussian blur to a video
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-gauss-blur
[-j
.IR jobs ]
[-s
.I spread
|
-s
.RB ' auto ']
[-acghvy]
.I sd-stream
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-gauss-blur
reads a video from stdin and a mask video from
.IR sd-stream .
The video is printed to stdout, with all pixels are
blurred using Gaussian blur with a standard
deviation calculated for each pixel individually.
The standard deviation is calculated by multiplying
the X, Y, or Z value with the alpha value of the
corresponding pixel and frame in
.IR sd-stream .
The X value is used when blurring the X channel,
and analogously for Y and Z. If the standard
deviation is 0, the pixel is not blurred.
.P
If stdin is longer than
.IR sd-stream ,
the remainder of stdin is printed without any changes.
If stdin is shorter than
.IR sd-stream ,
the remainder of
.I sd-stream
is ignored but may be partially read.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -a
Used to optimise performance if it is known that
the video is opaque, and to ensure that the output
video is opaque.
.TP
.B -c
Blur the chroma only, not the luma.
.TP
.B -g
Add glow effect.
.TP
.B -h
Blur horizontally only. Has no affect if -v is also
specified.
.TP
.BR -j " "\fIjobs\fP
Process the video in parallel, using
.I jobs
processes.
.TP
.BR -s " "\fIspread\fP
Pixels with Manhattan distances exceeding
.I spread
shall not affect each other. If
.RB ' auto '
is specified, this value is calculated from
the standard deviation used to blir a pixel.
If -s is not used, there will not be
distance limit.
.TP
.B -v
Blur vertically only. Has no affect if -h is also
specified.
.TP
.B -y
Use the Y value (multiplied by the alpha value) from
.I sd-stream
as the standard deviation all channels.
.SH REQUIREMENTS
.B blind-gauss-blur
requires enough free memory to load three full frames into
memory. A frame requires 32 bytes per pixel it contains. If
.B -g
is used, four full frames are required.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-single-colour (1),
.BR blind-time-blur (1),
.BR blind-make-kernel (1),
.BR blind-kernel (1),
.BR blind-apply-kernel (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
