.TH BLIND-TRANSLATE 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-translate - Perform framewise translation of a video
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-translate
[-pw]
.I translation-stream
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-translate
reads a video from stdin and translation operands from
.IR translation-stream ,
and perform framewise translation of the video and
prints the resulting video to stdout.
.P
.I translation-stream
is a video that is 1 pixel wide and 1 pixel high.
The first pixel value in a frame is used as the
translation value for the X-axis in the same frame
in the video, and the second pixel value is used
as the translation value for the Y-axis. The
remaining two pixel values are ignored.
.P
If stdin is longer than
.IR translation-stream ,
the remainder of stdin is printed with the last translation
or no translation if
.I translation-stream
does not contain any translations. If stdin is shorter than
.IR translation-stream ,
the remainder of
.I translation-stream
is ignored but may be partially read.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -w
Wrap video around the edges.
.TP
.B -p
The values in
.I translation-stream
is to be treat as the position, measured form the
top-left corner, in the input video that shall be
used at the top-left corner of the output video.
.SH REQUIREMENTS
.B blind-translate
requires enough free memory to load a full frames into
memory if
.B -w
is used or a frame row otherwise. A frame or frame row
requires 32 bytes per pixel it contains.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-crop (1),
.BR blind-extend (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
