.TH BLIND-CONE-GRADIENT 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-cone-gradient - Generate a video with a cone gradient
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-cone-gradient
[-a | -s]
-w
.I width
-h
.I height
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-cone-gradient
prints a video with a cone gradient to stdout,
parameters for each from is read from each frame
in stdin. The gradient is stored in all channels
of the video.
.P
The video in stdin must contain exactly 2 or 3
pixels per frame. The first pixel shall point to
the beginning of the gradient (where the value is
0) and the second pixel shall point to the end of
the gradient (where the value is 1). In these
pixels, the value of the first channel specifies
the X-position and the value of the second
channel specifies Y-position, the other channels
are ignored.
.P
If there is a third pixel, in frames in stdin, all
values in the gradient are multipled by the value
in the second channel (the Y channel) of the third
pixel in stdin; the rest of the channels in this
pixel is ignored.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -a
Make the gradient increase anticlockwise
instead of clockwise.
.TP
.B -s
Make the gradient increase symmetrically
instead of clockwise.
.TP
.BR -w " "\fIwidth\fP
The width of the video, in pixels.
.TP
.BR -h " "\fIheight\fP
The height of the video, in pixels.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-from-text (7),
.BR blind-linear-gradient (1),
.BR blind-radial-gradient (1),
.BR blind-spiral-gradient (1),
.BR blind-square-gradient (1),
.BR blind-double-sine-wave (1),
.BR blind-round-wave (1),
.BR blind-sawtooth-wave (1),
.BR blind-sinc-wave (1),
.BR blind-sine-wave (1),
.BR blind-triangular-wave (1),
.BR blind-spectrum (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
