.TH BLIND-SPLIT 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-split - Split a video, by frame, into multiple videos
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-split
[-L]
.RI ( file
.RI ( end-point
|
.RB ' end '))\ ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-split
reads a video from stdin and splits into multiple videos.
Starting from the first frame in stdin, it writes a video
to the first specified
.I file
until the first specified
.I end-point
number of frames have been written.
.B blind-split
then proceeds to write the following frames to the next
specified
.B file
until a total of
.I end-point
frames has been written (that is, including all previous
videos), where
.I end-point
is the associated
.IR end-point .
If
.RB ' end '
is used instead of
.IR end-point ,
.B blind-split
will proceed until the end of the input video. If you
want to discard a section of the video, you can specify
the
.I file
/dev/null.
.P
All specified
.IR end-point s,
including
.RB ' end '
must be in strictly ascending order.
.P
The specified
.IR file s
may be of any type, except directory, including pipes
and FIFO:s. Indeed you probably want all of the to be
pipes, as saving a raw video to disc will probably fill
your disc almost immediately. If you are levering the
power of
.BR make (1)
to only rerended parts you have changes, you can
pipe the videos into
.BR blind-to-video (1)
to compress them. If you're shall does not support
process substitution or creating anonymous pipes, you
can uses FIFO:s. If you try to truncate a FIFO, it
will be flushed, if this is done after all writes have
been done, the process reading from the FIFO will think
that there no longer are any processes that have it
open for writing, assuming it, like all
.B blind
tools, have been written to treat the file as any a
regular file (which is usually have pipes are also
treated).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -L
Ignore the number of frames specified in the videos head
and read until the end or the last desired frame is reached.
If this option is used in combination with
.RB ' end ',
the last video will have an incorrect frame count written
in its head. Depending on what tools you will being using,
you may need to save that video into a regular file and
rewrite its head with
.BR blind-rewrite-head (1).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-from-video (1),
.BR blind-to-video (1),
.BR blind-cut (1),
.BR blind-concat (1),
.BR blind-disperse (1),
.BR blind-split-cols (1),
.BR blind-split-rows (1),
.BR blind-rewrite-head (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
