.TH BLIND-LINEAR-GRADIENT 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-linear-gradient - Generate a video with a linear gradient
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-linear-gradient
[-b]
-w
.I width
-h
.I height
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-linear-gradient
prints a video with a linear gradient to stdout,
parameters for each from is read from each frame
in stdin. The gradient is stored in all channels
of the video.
.P
The video in stdin must contain exactly 2 pixels
per frame. The first pixel shall point to the
beginning of the gradient (where the value is 0)
and the second pixel shall point to the end of
the gradient (where the value is 1). In these
pixels, the value of the first channel specifies
the X-position and the value of the second
channel specifies Y-position, the other channels
are ignored.
.SH NOTES
Pixels before the beginning of the gradient have
negative values, and pixels after the end of the
gradient have values larger than 1.
.BR blind-*-wave (1)
commands can be used to put all values between
0 and 1.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -b
Create a bilinear gradient.
.TP
.BR -w " "\fIwidth\fP
The width of the video, in pixels.
.TP
.BR -h " "\fIheight\fP
The height of the video, in pixels.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-from-text (7),
.BR blind-cone-gradient (1),
.BR blind-radial-gradient (1),
.BR blind-spiral-gradient (1),
.BR blind-square-gradient (1),
.BR blind-double-sine-wave (1),
.BR blind-round-wave (1),
.BR blind-sawtooth-wave (1),
.BR blind-sinc-wave (1),
.BR blind-sine-wave (1),
.BR blind-triangular-wave (1),
.BR blind-spectrum (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
