.TH BLIND-COLOUR-SRGB 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-colour-srgb - Convert sRGB for use with blind-single-colour(1) and blind-colour-matrix(1)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-colour-srgb
[-%
.IR format ]
[-d
.IR depth ]
[-l]
.I red
.I green
.I blue
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-colour-srgb
converts the sRGB colour with the specified
.IR red ,
.IR green ,
and
.I blue
values to CIE XYZ and prints the result to stdout
in plain text, such that it can be used with
.BR blind-single-colour (1).
If
.BR blind-single-colour (1)
is modified in the future to use another colour
model than CIE XYZ,
.B blind-colour-srgb
will be modified to convert the values into
that colour model.
.P
.IR red ,
.IR green ,
and
.I blue
may be floating-point values and may be negative
or beyond the maximum value encodable in an
unsigned integer with
.I depth
bits.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -% \ \fIformat\fP
Selects in what format parameters are printed.
.I format
may include the prefix
.B +
that specified that non-negative values should be prefixed with a
.BR + .
After any prefix, there may be a positive number specifying
the percision of the output, optionally followed by either of
the letters
.BR a ,
.BR e ,
.BR f ,
other
.B g
(other their synonymous uppercases),
at most once, with the same semantics as in
.BR printf (3).
.B f
is used if this letter is omitted.

If ommited,
.B 25f
is used. This default is selected for ease of
interoperability with other software, however,
.B a
is recommeded to improve performance and remove
truncation error.
.TP
.BR -d " "\fIdepth\fP
If all three parameters are
.RI 2^ depth -1,
the colour is 100 %. (default: 8)
.TP
.BR -l
The values are encoded linearly instead of with
the sRGB transfer function.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-single-colour (1),
.BR blind-colour-matrix (1),
.BR blind-colour-ciexyz (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
