.TH BLIND-SINGLE-COLOUR 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-single-colour - Generate a single-colour video
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-single-colour
[-f
.I frames
| -f
.RB ' inf ']
[-F
.IR pixel-format ]
-w
.I width
-h
.I height
.RI ( X
.I Y
.IR Z
|
.IR Y )
.RI [ alpha ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-single-colour
prints a single-colour video to stdout.
The video have the colour specified by the arguments
.IR X ,
.IR Y ,
and
.IR Z ,
and the selected
.I alpha
value. The colour is specified in CIE XYZ. If
.I X
and
.I Z
are not specified, the colour will be CIE Standard Illuminant D65-grey
with the luminosity
.IR Y .
If
.I alpha
is not specified, 1, which means fully opaque, will be used.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -f " "\fIframes\fP
The number of frames in the video. If
.I frames
is
.RB ' inf ',
the number of frames will be specified as 0 in the output's
head (works fine with most
.B blind
tools) but the video will be printed to stdout until there are
no processes with an open read end to this process's stdout.
.TP
.BR -F " "\fIpixel-format\fP
Select pixel format, see
.BR blind-convert (1)
for more information. Pixel formats starting with
.BR raw
are not supported.
.TP
.BR -w " "\fIwidth\fP
The width of the video, in pixels.
.TP
.BR -h " "\fIheight\fP
The height of the video, in pixels.
.SH NOTES
.B blind-single-colour
may be changed in the future to use some other colour model,
therefore, it is recommended to also use
.BR blind-colour-ciexyz (1)
if you are specifying the colour in CIE XYZ. If however
your values are colour space-agnostic, you should not.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-colour-ciexyz (1),
.BR blind-colour-srgb (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
