.TH BLIND-PRIMARY-KEY 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-primary-key - Replace a primary with transparency
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-primary-key
[-1 | -2 | -3] [-gk] (-z
.I x1
.I y1
.I x2
.I y2
.I x3
.I y3
.RI [ white-x
.IR white-y ]
|
.I X1
.I Y1
.I Z1
.I X2
.I Y2
.I Z2
.I X3
.I Y3
.I Z3
.RI [ white-X
.I white-Y
.IR white-Z ])
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-primary-key
reads a video from stdin and replaces a primary
with transparency and prints the resulting video
to stdout.
.B blind-primary-key
internally converts colour space to the one
with the primaries whose CIE XYZ values are
.RI ( X1
.I Y1
.IR Z1 ),
.RI ( X2
.I Y2
.IR Z2 ),
and
.RI ( X3
.I Y3
.IR Z3 )
and whose white point is the colour whose
CIE XYZ values are
.RI ( white-X
.I white-Y
.IR white-Z ),
and replaces the first primary with transparency.
If the white point is not specified,
CIE Standard Illuminant D65 is used.
.P
If the colour space is specified, no conversion
is done internally.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -1
Replace the the first primary with transparency. (Default.)
.TP
.B -2
Replace the the second primary, instead
of the first primary, with transparency.
.TP
.B -3
Replace the the third primary, instead
of the first primary, with transparency.
.TP
.B -k
Do not remove the keyed primary.
.TP
.B -g
The video is, with the exception of the keyed primary,
greyscale and the output video shall remain greyscale.
.TP
.B -z
Parse arguments as CIE XYY instead of CIE XYZ.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-colour-ciexyz (1),
.BR blind-colour-srgb (1),
.BR blind-invert-matrix (1),
.BR blind-affine-colour (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
