.TH BLIND-FIND-RECTANGLE 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-find-rectangle - Locate a coloured rectangle
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-find-rectangle
[-a
.IR min-area ]
[-h
.IR min-height ]
[-w
.IR min-width ]
.I X
.I Y
.I Z
.RI [ alpha ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-find-rectangle
reads a video from stdin, and locates the largest
rectangle of a specified colour. If there are two
or more maximal rectangles, one is choosen arbitrarily.
The specified by the arguments
.IR X ,
.IR Y ,
and
.IR Z ,
and the selected
.I alpha
value. The colour is specified in CIE XYZ. If
.I X
and
.I Z
are not specified, the colour will be CIE Standard Illuminant
D65-grey with the luminosity
.IR Y .
If
.I alpha
is not specified, 1, which means fully opaque, will be used.
.SH STDOUT
The location and dimensions of the rectangle is printed stdout.
Exactly one line is printed per frame. Each line has the format
.nf

	\fB"%zu %zu %zu %zu\\n"\fP, <\fIleft\fP>, <\fItop\fP>, <\fIwidth\fP>, <\fIheight\fP>

.fi
where
.I left
is position on the X-axis (measured from the left) on the
left-most pixels in the rectangle,
.I top
is position on the Y-axis (measured from the top) on the
top-most pixels in the rectangle,
.I width
is the width of the rectangle, and
.I height
is the width of the rectangle.
.SH NOTES
.B blind-find-rectangle
may be changed in the future to use some other colour model,
therefore, it is recommended to also use
.BR blind-colour-ciexyz (1)
if you are specifying the colour in CIE XYZ. If however
your values are colour space-agnostic, you should not. 
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-colour-ciexyz (1),
.BR blind-colour-srgb (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
